Adapt api.Window.onbeforeinstallprompt to new events structure (#13655)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/beforeinstallpromptevent/index.md

  - Reference
browser-compat: api.BeforeInstallPromptEvent
---

> The **`BeforeInstallPromptEvent`** is fired at the {{domxref("Window.beforeinstallprompt_event", "beforeinstallprompt")}} handler before a user is prompted to "install" a web site to a home screen on mobile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`BeforeInstallPromptEvent`** is the interface of the {{domxref("Window.beforeinstallprompt_event", "beforeinstallprompt")}} event fired at the {{domxref("Window")}} object before a user is prompted to "install" a web site to a home screen on mobile.
```
